In the last video we used the extrusion function
to turn a 2D shape into a 3D object. There's also
the so-called offset function, which
allows us to manipulate 2D shapes.
It is similar to offsets that you might
know from vector editing software.
Let's create an offset object, where
we can store our new object in.
And then we use the "offset" function, which
takes an object for parameters again, then we
provide it with our rectangle object and we push
the resulting object into our objects array.
And here, we need to provide a so-called "delta".
The delta is the value by which we increase
or decrease our object size.
Let's say we start with 20 here.
So now we have the same object just expanded
by 20 units. We could also do the same in
the other direction and decrease the size.
And there's an additional attribute for the
corners of our object. The default is the edge
variant. Here we just have a sharp edge for the
corners that we create. But there is also a
"chamfer" variant, this creates flat edges
around our object. And the last one is "round" and
if you're just using the default values, this will
not look different to our previous option.
But if we add a different "segments" option,
let's say 32. Again if you're doing circles or
anything round, you need to provide the segments,
so the system knows how many sections it should
generate, how many segments it should use
to try and generate our round shapes. And now
we have round edges around our expanded object